Ruling in Samurai Sword KillingNovember 5, 2005 - A suburban Philadelphia man who killed his father with a samurai sword is convicted of involuntary manslaughter, but cleared of first-degree murder.Yesterday's verdict means 25-year-old Robert Corsaro Junior of Bensalem could get up to ten years in prison when he is sentenced in about two months. Had the jury convicted him of first-degree murder, as prosecutors hoped, he could have gotten life in prison.Corsaro killed his father, 55-year-old Robert Corsaro Senior, on December First, 2003. The prosecution said the father was walking out the door to call police about his son's drug use when he was stabbed. The defense maintained that the father and son were in a mock duel that went horribly wrong -- which was backed by testimony from the defendant's mother.(Copyright 2005 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Samurai Sword Used In Long Island Murder| Feb 28, 2005 6:46 am US/Eastern |Posted on 02/28/2005 6:58:07 AM PST by CalperniaA retired city police officer was found dead in his Long Island home on Sunday, apparently slashed to death by a samurai sword, authorities said.The former policeman, Scott Nager, 51, was found dead by his wife, Laura at about 1 p.m., said Officer Al Prim, a spokesman for the Suffolk County police.Nager served on the city police force for 15 years, working as a patrolman in the 34th precinct, which includes Washington Heights and Inwood. He retired in July, 1996 because of a service-related injury, The New York Times reported.Suffolk county police said Laura Nager's son, Zachary Gibian, 18, was arrested in connection with the death. He was charged with second degree murder and set to be arraigned on Monday in First District Court in Central Islip.Teen Scares Off Burglar With Samurai SwordKarate Brown Belt Lunges At Burglar After PlayStation 3 With SwordHIALEAH, Fla. -- A teenager with a brown belt in karate used a samurai sword to scare off a burglar who was after his PlayStation 3 video game console.Last Friday afternoon, Damian Fernandez and his 15-year-old sister, Deanne Fernandez, were home alone at their northwest Miami-Dade County home while their parents were at work when they heard knocking on the front door. Moments later, two men were prying the front door unlocked, prompting Deanne to hide in her closet."I was so scared," she said.As her brother slept in the next room, the burglars ransacked their parents' room, taking some jewelry before moving on to what they were really after -- a PlayStation 3.According to a police report, one of the burglars kicked in Deanne's bedroom door. She said she could see his foot through the closet panels.The burglar found the empty PlayStation 3 box and ran out of the room, but Damian was waiting for him."Once I saw him take off running back, I jumped off my (bunk) bed and I grabbed my sword É and I just waited for him," he said.Damian said he lunged at him with his samurai sword, striking him in the chest."He freaked out," Damian said.The burglar ran out of the house with Damian chasing him down the road. When police arrived, a K-9 officer located the burglar hiding behind a neighbor's palm tree. The second burglar got away.Javier Cotera, 21, was arrested and released early the next morning on bond.Local 10 attempted to contact Cotera at his Hialeah home, but his family said he wasn't there and that they didn't know anything about it.Damian and Deanne's father, Delio Fernandez, said he is concerned Cotera is out of jail."If he would have had a gun, I could have lost one of my children," he said.Cotera is scheduled to appear in court in two weeks to face three felony charges.ExerptedMurder by sword described in detailAutopsy revealed more than 50 stab wounds on victim.Thursday, March 03, 2005By JENNA PORTNOYThe Express-TimesBETHLEHEM -- A city man accused of killing another man with a Samurai sword and setting the victim's body on fire told police he repeatedly stabbed the victim because "he was hard to kill," according to testimony Wednesday.District Judge Nancy Matos Gonzalez at a preliminary hearing found sufficient evidence against Sonny Thomas to bind over to county court a criminal homicide charge.Thomas, 48, also faces charges of aggravated assault on 12 police officers who were injured when they responded to the Broadway boarding house where the murder occurred.Thomas pleaded not guilty to the charges through defense attorneys Bohdan Zelechiwsky and Holly Calantoni.Northampton County District Attorney John Morganelli said he plans to announce near the time of Thomas' formal arraignment, set for March 17, whether the state will seek the death penalty.Northampton County Coroner Zachary Lysek ruled the death of 19-year-old Carlos S. Garcia a homicide by multiple sharp force injury.Lysek responded to a call from Bethlehem police about 10:10 p.m. Jan. 21, and found Garcia's body laying face down with a katana-style Samurai sword protruding from his back. The sword is associated with some martial arts and has a curved blade with a broad tip.The Jan. 24 autopsy revealed more than 50 cut and stab wounds, some of which went all the way through Garcia's body from back to front. There were also marks on the floor from where the sword impaled Garcia's body into the floor.In response to questioning from Morganelli, city police detective Sgt. Mark DiLuzio gave the following account of the incident:About 9:30 p.m. DiLuzio and another officer responded to an emergency radio report of a man covered in blood and holding a knife at 540 Broadway. When the officers arrived, the building landlord gave them keys to a door leading to about seven boarding rooms as well as common kitchen, bathroom and living areas.As four officers checked the rooms, they noticed fire and smoke under a locked, closed door. When they banged on the door, someone inside -- later identified as Thomas -- said, "Get out of here."Two officers kicked in the door and saw Garcia's body on the floor engulfed in 2- to 3-foot tall flames. Thomas refused the officers' orders to get on the floor, took a step back, went into a fighting stance and said, "I did you guys a favor. I killed a drug dealer."He started fighting with the officers, who needed two sets of handcuffs to subdue him. In the scuffle, Thomas struck DiLuzio's left arm and a leg. Of the 12 police officers treated for smoke inhalation or inhaling chemicals from fire extinguishers, 11 also suffered minor cuts and bruises from Thomas' attack. Edit: Probably should have shot him....